*  RESEARCH
     
     Library management system is that manages and stores books information electronically according to students needs. 
     The system helps both students and library manager to keep a constant track of all the books available in the library. 
     It allows both the admin and the student to search for the desired book.

     This project “LIBRARY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM” gives us the complete information about the library.
     We can enter the record of new books and retrieve the details of books available in the library.
     We can issue the books to the students and maintain their records and can also check how many books are issued and stock available in the library. 
     In this project we can maintain the late fine of students who returns the issued books after the due date.
     
*  4W1H
     
     Who:
       This Library Management System is an application is used by all the students, and staff but only accessed with their id's.

     What:
       Library Management Systems is software that helps to maintain a database that is useful to enter new books & record books borrowed by the members, with the respective submission dates.

     When:
       This Library Management System is very useful when there are large no of readers visit library to return, renewal, or take books.

     Where:
       The Library management system is nowadays essential for schools, colleges, private libraries, and other organizations.

     How:
       This project is implemented to do the book issuing, retunrn, or renewal purpose by entering the student or faculty id as input.
       
*  SWOT Analysis

      Strengths:
        a) Simple & Easy to Use.

        b) Highly Secure, Scalable & Reliable.

        c) Mobile Access.

      Weakness:
        a) The data stored is prone to cyber hacks.

        b) Costly and Expensive.

        c) Complicated to operate.

      Opportunities:
          It is likely that the future of library systems will consist of a mixture of open and closed systems as well as local and shared services.
          An increasing move towards closed platforms and proprietary ecosystems . libraries will be required to navigate these different spaces and ecosystems.

      Threats: 
          This can often lead to lost data and sometimes, the data easily obtainable by criminals.
          
          
*  HIGH LEVEL REQUIREMENTS

          1.It is implemented using c language
          2.It requires hardisk of minimum 512GB
          3.It requires RAM of minimum 8GB
          
          
*  LOW LEVEL REQUIREMENTS

          1.It required books to be add for the resource.
          2.To delete books from the unauthourized resource or banned content
          3.TO search books for the easy reading.
          4.To view books for the referal purpose.
